so much to win
warning the information supplied
and this random program is suggested and not
mandatory you have free will
to decide or ignore
the November lottery we are in full
fair in the zulia state the fair of the
chiquinquirá of the little girl of the thing
most beautiful and beautiful of the Zulia
positive energy for all of you
pencil paper because this starts like this
for you attention before you was
lost lost because you did not know
the results of the lottery now you
have that possibility easily because
the 3 959 gives you the service to get
quickly results the lottery
noon in the evening of the night of
previous day send results to 3
959 and you will know everything we will not hide you
nothing the results of the lottery the
you will get sending results will make 3
959 that present the horoscope of the day
from today
It is very funny or funny at times
determined
Capricorn, what's up with you moan?
and business go bad I read
everything and it does not look for you way out is hard
someone very done a take it out of your sight
and if things are misaligned
scorpion a downpour that falls on you
aquarium what happened with the punctuality so
be embraced to the future pound a
bell tower that gives warning bells
sagittarius red roses for you virgo
forgive that forgiveness is good
birthday girl without birthdays of the day
today congratulations because today they are
birthday and they are having a great time
I heard you should dress in color
white is a flattering color
Friday your lucky day the pearl is your
stone tin its metal related signs
for love and rock
Virgo and Capricorn digital trilogy the
7 8 and the 5 785 its finished the 78 and its
great virtue I respect the cabals for
that you know how to remove terminals from a
day for another or in the morning for the
late method plus ten minus ten plus one
minus one plus 2 - 2 for example if it comes out
the number 20 and they are playing over 10 this
means that you must add 20 more
10 equal to 30 play terminal 30 or
the series of 30 and so on if
they are playing less 10 you would grab
on 20 and subtracted 10 would be the
number 10 on 10 to play in series or
as a terminal
if it is 20 minus one is 19 the 20 more
121 the 20 plus 2 equals 22 and if they are
playing minus 220 minus 2 the number 18
the winning series for you on this day
wonderful is the headquarters of the 80's 80
at 89 the magic keyword
wonderful for all Venezuelans is
fridge
talavera as we have ice water and
an onion branch will by no sir
football comes to see venezuela attention
sending the idea to see at 3 959 of
You 'll see really see you at 3 959 for
with you have the triple the swap has
left the refrigerator at 3 959 and from
5 of the evening night so
get the confirmed triple of last
hour for the night directly from the
electronic tablet that you can
get by calling 04 16 54 44 578
I repeat it
04 16 54 44 578
is Carlos Calderón for all the
information about the electronic tablet
you have to have it because this triple
pretty triple attention incognito of
today
julián or feria fair zuliano feria feria
the triple hidden page
wonderful that has 20 triple care
take into account triple number 10 the
triple number 10 the triple hidden
number 10
undulating rondón where is the triple
machete there are these thanks to success
quickly to success the batteries put
for hard of you the sign labeled t
Today is the label from 2
observe well the figure analyze the and
hit the lotteries hard in addition today
in the electronic tablet there is a
swaps or very good I recommend them
in questions or be be of bolívar us
we saw them tomorrow